Clean up and organize (#15)
rsksmart/rif-identity-docs: ssi/services/index.markdown

> RIF Self-Sovereign Identity solution provides four main services to interact with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RIF Self-Sovereign Identity solution provides two main services to interact with:
```

I see only 2 services listed

- [Convey service](./convey-service) - public transport layer for JWTs using IPFS

> - [Issuer service](./issuer-service) - serves for an application that allows receiving credential issuance requests and approving them manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Issuer service](./issuer-service) - web application that receives verifiable credential issuance requests and lets the user to manually deny or approve them (thus, issuing the verifiable credential)
```

Reviewer 2: This is not the web app, is serving for the web app.
```suggestion
- [Issuer service](./issuer-service) - serves for a [web application](../apps/issuer-app) that receives verifiable credential issuance requests and lets the user to manually deny or approve them (thus, issuing the verifiable credential)
```
